Fixes issue in code and add redirects (#3964)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _api-reference/index-apis/create-index.md

Setting | Description
:--- | :---
index.number_of_replicas | The number of replica shards each primary shard should have. For example, if you have 4 primary shards and set `index.number_of_replicas` to 3, the index has 12 replica shards. Default is 1.

> index.auto_expand_replicas | Whether the cluster should automatically add replica shards based on the number of data nodes. Specify a lower bound and upper limit (for example, 0-9), or `all` for the upper limit. For example, if you have 5 data nodes and set `index.auto_expand_replicas` to 0-3, then the cluster does not automatically add another replica shard. However, if you set this value to `0-all` and add 2 more nodes for a total of 7, the cluster will expand to now have 6 replica shards. Default is disabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
index.auto_expand_replicas | Whether the cluster should automatically add replica shards based on the number of data nodes. Specify a lower and upper bound (for example, `0-9`). You can use `all` for the upper bound. For example, if you have 5 data nodes and set `index.auto_expand_replicas` to `0-3`, then the cluster does not automatically add another replica shard. However, if you set this value to `0-all` and add 2 more nodes for a total of 7, the cluster will expand to now have 6 replica shards. Default is `false` (disabled).
```
